- A Pop original series.
[energetic brass music]
*
- Hey, guys.
We actually have
a great show tonight.
We have Debra Messing...
- [gasps]
- We have Mark Cuban
from "Shark Tank,"
and we got animals.
- [gasps] Which ones?
- We got sloths
and cute little bunnies.
- I love sloths, and I think
it's important to note
that sloths only go
to the bathroom
once a week,
a policy I think we should all
adopt at this office
because the bathrooms here
are disgusting
and I want you to know
I've filed a formal report.
- Yo, FYI, everybody.
I love "Will & Grace,"
so this is a huge day for me.
- Wow, I never clocked you
as a "Will & Grace" lover.
- I'm gonna take a huge video,
just--just us two--
well, a quick vid,
just a quick vid--
- Oh, whoa, wait. [gibberish]
- What?
- Todd, you're not gonna take
a video of Debra Messing.
- It's for Instagram.
- For Jimmy's Instagram?
- No. It--yeah.
Shit, yeah, it's for mine.
- Yes. I know.
- Yeah. I screwed up.
- Good stuff. Um, Phil?
Could you make sure
there's no...[mouthing words].
- I--you cut out
on the last word.
I didn't hear it.
- Can you make sure
that nobody
is taping the celebs?
- Okay, but isn't that
why they're here?
- Okay, can you make sure
that Todd
doesn't videotape
Debra Messing?
- [snorts]
- No, thank you.
- You're security!
- Yeah, okay.
Todd, please promise me that--
- No.
- I mean, my hands
are tied, right?
He said what he said.
- From Studio 9B in the heart
of New York City,
it's "Nightcap with Jimmy."
Tonight: there's no
"Messing" with her.
It's Debra Messing.
Reality TV's most beloved
billionaire since Trump,
Mark Cuban.
Plus, Ride Share
Sing-A-Long!
And now the man who's
number five in the ratings,
but number one in our hearts,
here's Jimmy.
[energetic brass music]
* *
- Oh, hey, Staci.
Can I have, like, an hour
to pitch an idea to Mark Cuban?
- No.
- Okay.
I can do it in probably,
like, 45 minutes.
- Um, listen to me, Randy.
Your job is to walk in,
mic the guest,
and then get out.
- That's such a good idea.
I'm gonna pitch it to him
when I mic him.
- Randy, look at me in the eye.
Your job is to mic
the celebrity,
not speak to them,
and get out.
- I will be speaking
to Mark Cuban, though.
- You will not be speaking
to Mark Cuban.
- Yes, I am.
*
- Hi, ladies.
- [gasps]
- Oh, my God! Tim Gunn!
- Hi.
- Hi!
- I just wanted you
to know that I'm here.
- Well, that's terrific.
- Why are you?
- I'm doing a pop-by
on tonight's show.
- That's exciting.
What's a "pop-by"?
- Well, I saw Jimmy
last night at Nobu,
and he said to come by the show
anytime for a pop-by.
- Well, look at Jimmy,
booking the show.
- Mm-hmm!
- Good.
Can you take Tim Gunn
to his dressing room?
- Great, um,
can you just give us
a moment, Mr. Gunn?
- Of course.
- Yeah, we're just gonna...
make it work.
- Great. Make it work.
- I'm gonna try.
- Oh, Staci.
You always make it work.
- Well, thank you, Tim.
I try.
And I will try now
to make it work.
- Make it work!
- I am making it work.
- We're gonna
make it work,
and maybe you can in the hallway
for one moment.
- Of course I can!
I'll make it work out here.
Make it work!
- I love him so much.
But what are we gonna
do with him?
Our show is completely full.
- Fuck Jimmy.
You know, he just--
every time he goes
around town
and just invites people
to be on the show,
it really screws up my job.
- [groans]
- Look, we have Mark Cuban
in dressing room two.
We have Debra Messing
in dressing room one.
We have the sloths.
I can't ask anybody
to share a dressing room
with another celebrity.
- I don't know
which I love more:
Tim Gunn or sloths.
- Ah, you know what?
Tim Gunn trumps sloths.
So I'm gonna get rid
of the animals.
You go give Tim Gunn
a dressing room.
*
- Did anybody
see you come here?
- No.
Penny did, but she's stupid.
All right, now,
you cleared this with Staci?
- Yes.
- All right.
This is just the prototype.
Remember, okay?
- I get it. I know.
Please, open the box.
- Ready?
- Yes.
[angelic music]
*
- Do you hate them?
- They're perfect.
- [gasps]
- Oh, my God, Marcus.
You're a genius.
- I know.
- You should've gone
to art school.
- I did.
- Oh. Sorry.
- We're gonna make millions.
- Billions.
- Well, probably not billions.
- Millions.
- Hi, Todd.
- Hey.
- You look really nice today.
- Okay, great.
What's up with this whole
guest change thing
with Tim Gunn?
That's--that's not
Jimmy-approved, you know?
I mean, Tim Gunn makes Jimmy
feel really self-conscious
about the way he dresses, and--
- No, it's fine, because, uh,
Tim Gunn ran into Jimmy
at Nobu,
and Jimmy told him to stop by.
- Oh, well,
Jimmy can't remember
every promise he makes,
you know?
- That was last night.
- Jimmy's famous.
I mean, that--
time happens differently.
- Staci is on the phone
right now
canceling the animal trainer
to make room for Tim Gunn.
- What? No! Whan! He--
He's been wanting to pet that
sloth for decades, all right?
- No--
- It's on his bucket list.
Get rid of Tim Gunn!
- Staci!
- Balls.
What?
- There's an emergency!
- Well, come and tell me
what it is.
My God.
[lively music]
*
[gasps] We're so happy
to have you here.
I can't tell you how hard
it's been to get you on.
Okay, so, um,
any funny stories
about the remake
of "Dirty Dancing"?
- Well, actually--
- No.
We're not talking
about "Dirty Dancing."
- Okay, we noticed
on Instagram,
you always wear
a lot of jewelry.
Is there a Debra Messing
jewelry line?
- No. We're not doing that.
- Are you dating anyone?
- No.
- Well, I am.
- I know that you love him,
but let's save that
for "People" magazine,
not "Nightcap with Jimmy."
- Okay.
- Hey!
Oh!
- Hey.
- Debra Messing. Wow.
- Okay.
- I'm Todd.
- Hi, Todd.
- Hey, Staci.
- Thanks a lot. Buh-bye.
- No, I-I had other things
I wanted to--
- No!
- No?
- Nope.
- Okay. Bye.
- I'm so sorry.
He came with the job.
- Ah.
- Right this way.
- Hi.
- Hi!
- Good heavens!
- Hello!
- Is the circus in town?
- Yeah.
- Let me help you.
- Oh, thank you so much.
- Good heavens.
- I'm so sorry, Mr. Gunn.
We're a little bit full today.
Do you mind sharing
a dressing room?
- Oh, of course not.
I don't want to be any trouble.
I mean, after all,
I'm only doing a pop-by.
- You're the greatest.
Um, I'll let you guys
get settled.
- Thank you, Penny.
And what is this?
- It's a two-toed sloth.
- Oh. Good heavens.
I've always wanted
to meet a sloth.
Hello there, Mr. Sloth.
I'm Tim!
- Hey.
- Hi, Todd.
I still feel welcomed.
- Uh, no, I came here 'cause
I wanted something from you.
- Oh. Goody.
- I just want to get a picture.
For my niece.
Um, it's my sister's kid
out of wedlock.
Katinka! Mm.
She's nine, and, uh,
she really loves you,
and, you know,
it'd just be great
to get that photo, um--
- Is she sick?
- Yes.
- Oh. Of course.
Anything for a sick child.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah, sure.
I'm--I'm one of the nice ones.
- Oh, you're totally one
of the nice ones, Debs.
- Ra. Debra.
- Deb-ra.
- Yeah.
- Oh, your name.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Yeah.
- De--Debra.
- Mm-hmm. Thank you.
- Got it.
I won't mess that up.
I might mess it up.
- No.
- Okay, I won't mess it up.
- Yeah. I'll help you.
- Awesome.
Hey, you know what, Deb-ra?
Um, can I--can I actually
get a video?
- Sure. Sure, of course.
- Really?
- Yes. Yes.
- Awesome.
Oh, man, so,
yeah, whenever you're
ready--and action.
- Hi, Katinka.
- All right, I'm gonna
stop you right there.
Sorry, um, can you not
mention her name?
'Cause it's, like,
a little formal.
Uh, we actually call her
"T-man."
'Cause her T cell counts
are low.
- Does she have AIDS?
Is she an AIDS baby?
- Oh, my God.
Yeah, she is.
- Oh, my God!
- Yeah.
- Okay. All right.
- Horrible.
- I--
[sighs] All right.
Any--anything you need.
Go ahead.
- Thank you so much.
- Yes. Yes.
- All right, and let's just
get that going.
- Hi, T-man.
I'm so sorry
you're not feeling well.
- And cut.
- I--
- Um, can you not mention
the whole "sickness" thing?
'Cause we want to keep this
upbeat, right?
Okay, so let's do it again
real quick.
And action.
- It's so great to talk to you.
- Great. Cut.
Can we actually do it
one more time?
Can you do it as Grace?
You know, your--the--
'Cause she doesn't know
who Deba Mess is.
Deb-ra Mess-ing is. Yeah.
- De--
- But she knows Grace.
- I guess if you think
it'll help.
- Awesome. Thank you.
Uh, I'm gonna get
some audio stuff
and--and lighting things.
- Wha--wait. What--what?
Oh, God.
[energetic brass music]
- Oh, my. How lovely.
Thank you.
- Oh, no. This is not for you.
This is for Eugene,
who was actually booked
on the show.
Here you are, Eugene.
Do not touch it.
- Oh, my.
- Okay, remember:
you're Grace Adler.
You live in New York City
with your husband, Will.
- Did you ever watch the show?
- Yeah. Every episode.
Action!
- Uh, hi.
Hi, it's me, Grace Adler.
- Okay, cut. Real quick.
Can we make it, like,
a little less formal?
- Yeah, and with more passion.
- Yeah. Yeah, let's up
that passion.
Okay. And action.
- Hi, It's me, Grace Adler,
T-man.
I just wanted to say that I hope
you're having a good day
and that me and Will
are in New York
right now, thinking of you.
- Cut!
It's "Will and I."
I'm kind of a grammar nerd.
- Yeah, but Grace isn't.
Who the fuck
is this guy anyway?
- Sorry, yeah, let's just
ignore him real quick.
We're on a roll here,
so let's just pick it
right back up.
- Okay.
- Sticking to your script here.
- Yeah.
- And action.
- Hi, it's me, Grace Adler,
T-man.
I just wanted to say that I hope
you're having a good day
and that Will and I
are in New York right now,
thinking of you.
And Jack and Karen are--
are on the way over...
- [whispering] Yes. Good.
- And, uh, hope you can make it.
- And cut! Oh, my God.
That's a wrap.
- Oh, good.
- That is so good.
Thank you so much.
- I'm exhausted.
- Well, hello, Mr. Sloth.
How's it hanging?
[chuckles]
That was funny, Tim.
- Hi.
- Oh. Goodness.
- Look at this.
- This is incredible.
This is an animal kingdom.
- It's a little menagerie.
- Tim, we've had a little bit
of a technical glitch.
- Oh.
- And because of that,
we have to push the show back,
so I'm so sorry.
- Oh, listen, Staci,
I understand.
- So we have a limo
outside waiting,
and he can take you
anywhere.
- Oh, Staci,
I don't mind waiting.
I've been up since 5:00 a.m.
for a photo shoot,
and frankly, I'm exhausted,
so having this time
just to rest and relax
is, frankly, welcome.
- Tim, here's the thing:
we are overstuffed.
We have too much going on
in the show tonight.
Uh, it just--
it's not a good night for you.
- But this is the only night
that I'm available all season,
and since Jimmy asked me,
I don't want to disappoint him.
- Okay. Bear with me.
* *
- Hey, Mr. Cuban.
Hi, if we could just have
a very long moment
of your time.
- I-I'm doing business
here, guys.
I'm trying to make a trade
for DeAndre Jordan.
- All right, I have no idea
what that is,
but we're about to make you
filthy rich.
- Dude, I'm already rich.
That's my thing.
- Hello, shark.
My name is Randy,
and my business is--
- Our business.
- My business is Ma'Bangs.
both: Ma'Bangs!
- I am seeking $1.38 million
for a 2% stake in my business.
- Our business.
- You're valuing that
at $69 million?
- Yes, and you are about
to find out why.
Now, surely you've heard
of man buns, right?
Well, this is the future
of men's hair care
accessories.
This is...
both: Ma'Bangs!
- I mean, can you even tell
this is fake hair?
It's flawless, right?
- This is a product by men,
for men, of men.
- What does that even mean,
"Of men"?
- For centuries,
women have had it easy,
with the freedom
to change their hairstyle
on a whim to go
with the occasion,
the outfit, the mood.
- While men
have been imprisoned
by whatever they're given.
Now, God acts
in mysterious ways,
but God is irrelevant now,
because I...
- We--
- Have created...
- Ma'Bangs!
- For the man who likes to bang.
- Hey, Deb-a-deb.
Uh, sorry. Debra.
- Todd, we did five takes.
- Can you, uh,
come with me real quick?
- What?
- Yeah, it's just, um,
real quick, if you can just
sit down here.
- W-what--what's going on?
- Oh, yeah. Sorry.
Yeah, just--just have a seat,
Grace--on the Grace throne.
Real quick, I just had
to do one more take.
[sighs]
You know, I-I was
at the editing bay,
and I just saw the footage,
and it looked horrible.
I mean, the lighting was off,
the makeup--
it was totally my fault,
and I'm sorry about that.
But you looked awful.
I mean, you looked terrible.
You look--you looked like
if you were, like,
dipped in a--in a bowl of acid
and you came out and you did,
like, a head flip
and your whole face flew off,
it was kind of around there.
- Okay, just, let's--
one more take.
- She'll do one more! Aw!
What a pro!
- Let me just check you.
Okay, you look shiny.
And Grace cannot be shiny.
- Why is the chef
doing my makeup?
- Because the makeup guy
is pitching
a preposterous idea
to Mark Cuban in the other room.
- So is the sound guy.
[laughs]
They're always up to something.
- Wow, there are
some serious problems
in the staffing for this show.
- What the hell?
- It's okay. I'm--I'm--
I'm happy to do a video
for this--this very brave
little girl.
- What little girl?
- Oh, my, uh--
my cousin--uh, I mean, niece.
- You don't have a cousin
or a niece.
- Yeah, I do! She's sick.
- She's sick with what?
- AIDS.
- AIDS?
- Okay, you know what?
Can we ju--let's just--
let's just do this,
and we can be done with it,
okay? Okay?
- Yeah, that's great.
- Yeah.
- Thank you so much.
- Okay.
- One, three, action.
- Hi, it's Grace Adler,
and I just wanted to say
I hope you're having
a lovely day
and that Will and I
are in New York right now--
- Nah--
- And we're--what?
What? What? What?
- No, no. I'm not buying it.
- Me neither.
- Feels like you haven't
played the role in a while.
- Um, she played it for eight
critically-acclaimed seasons.
- Eight seasons.
- Eight? I thought it was two.
- Season three was the best.
- Agreed.
- Oh, I got an idea!
Why don't we do a little
role-playing, you know?
Jog the memory a little bit?
I'll be your husband, Will.
- I can play Karen.
- Well, I could play Grace.
- Would you shut the fuck up?
- Whoa.
- Well, you both
can play Grace.
- I'm Grace!
- You definitely play Grace.
- I'm Grace, the whole point is,
I'm Grace Adler!
- The rumors are true.
- Why don't you play
all the roles?
- Uh, all of 'em. All right.
- Just like Eddie Murphy.
Do Eddie Murphy doing 'em.
- Okay.
- Action.
- Hi, it's Grace Adler.
And Will.
[higher pitch] And Karen!
And Jack!
And we just want you to know
that we're thinking of you
here in New York.
- [whispering] T-man.
- T-man.
[energetic brass music]
- [mumbling to self]
- Oh.
- Hey.
- I cannot believe
you shot that video.
- Yeah, isn't it amazing?
She just, like,
became Grace.
- And I'm sure it's great,
but we're not gonna post it.
- Yeah, I got to.
- No, you don't.
- Yeah, I'm going to.
- No, you're not going to.
- Yeah, I am.
- No, you ain't.
- Yeah'am.
- Y'ain't.
- Yam.
- Y'ain't!
- Yam!
- What are you doing?
Oh, no!
Oh, what?
I'm telling Jimmy about this.
- So, Mr. Cuban,
what do you say?
Are you in?
- Guys, your pitch was awful.
Your presentation was worse.
Your product is hair
on a string.
It's sad. Sad.
- Sad or--
- Sad.
- Or brilliant?
- Sad!
- Okay.
- But.
And I can't even believe
I'm telling you this.
I've never admitted this
to anybody,
and please don't tell anybody,
but...
I'm one of those men.
I-I used to be able to grow
bangs when I was a kid,
and the memories
of playing with my bangs,
chewing on my bangs,
are some of my best memories.
So, despite you guys,
I like it.
I like it!
I'm in.
[both gasping]
- For $1.38 million?
- Hell no.
That's a ridiculous valuation.
But I'm in for $25,000.
*
- I think that's the problem.
You've been on Grindr.
You're supposed to be on Tinder.
- That's why
nobody swiped right?
- Exactly.
- Hey. Guys.
Guys, is Debbie still here?
- Uh, no, she left.
- [sighs] Nut butter!
[sighs] God.
I need to reshoot
everything with her.
The video's gone--
all the footage,
it's--it's disappeared.
Like magic--not like good magic.
Like evil magic.
Like Dungeons & Dragons.
- That's a drag.
- Sucks.
- God.
All right, I'm gonna
go on the roof.
Jimmy said it might be
in the clouds.
- Okay. Bye.
- Good luck.
- Damn.
- Did you delete that video?
- I just don't think Todd
should have his cell phone
just strewn about,
with his password being
Jimmy's birth date.
[laughter]
- You're my hero.
- Titty twister!
- I love you.
[audience laughing]
- Mr. Cuban, you were great.
And you look phenomenal.
- So virile.
- Don't call me "virile."
- Okay. I'm sorry.
- So how did you feel
out there?
Confident?
- You didn't hear them
laughing at me?
- No. No.
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
They were laughing with you.
You're hilarious.
Everybody loves you.
- This was
the worst idea ever.
I don't know
what I was thinking.
I-I'm a frickin'
laughingstock.
And for that reason...
I'm out.
- Oh, no.
What are we gonna do?
- Oh, now it's "we"?
And for that reason,
I'm out.
*
- Oh, no.
Tim Gunn.
- Where is he?
- To my knowledge, he's still
in the sloth's dressing room
where I left him.
What do we do?
- Okay. All right. Okay.
Okay, you know what?
I've been in this profession
for a long time.
This is what you do:
you tell the truth.
No matter what mess
your boss puts you in,
you attack it head-on.
You take a bullet for him.
Doesn't matter if he's
a narcissistic,
egomaniacal,
psychopathic man.
And that's me being kind.
This him?
- Aw.
He's all tuckered out.
But I'll go wake him up.
- No, no, no, no, no!
Shut up!
Let's just get our stuff and go.
He's on his own.
[melancholy
acoustic guitar music]
*
- Oh, honey.
It's too late for you.
*